Welcome to the first of what is likely to be many of the Sofa
Ramblings\texttrademark{} this year. (Many subsequent ramblings are
likely to occur, exclusively within the Sci-Fi Library, especially as
February arrives).

I am this year’s Picocon Sofa! The Picocon Sofa is the committee
member most responsible for Picocon, the annual convention we run to
celebrate Science Fiction and Fantasy in all its forms, and also to
raise money for charity and for the society.  This year’s Picocon will
be the 37th, and I am thrilled to be able to confirm the date:
Saturday 22nd February 2020.

I plan to run this year’s convention a little differently from
normal. For starters, the theme this year will be \emph{Pride.} I will
be using this Picocon as a way to celebrate LGBTQ+ stories and
creators, as I myself am asexual, and I have found quite the overlap
between LGBTQ+ stories and science fiction/fantasy stories. Of course,
we will have a number of Guests of Honour to give speeches and
presentations. In previous years, we have hosted such fabulous names
as Terry Pratchett and Iain M. Banks.

While the rest of the committee will be assisting me this year as they
have done in every previous year, the position of Picocon Beanbag ---
my second in command --- is currently unfilled. If everything I’ve
said so far interests you and you would like to be involved, please
consider running for Picocon Beanbag at our EGM this term! For all
announcements + useful information after this point please do follow
the Picocon Twitter account: \texttt{@picocon}.

Hope to see you all there!
