This time last year, both Sofa and Beanbag shared a first name and
many amazing jokes were to be had, and the committee screamed at
us. Alas, that is no longer the case, so you won’t be regal\emph{Ed}
with too many puns. I should probably \emph{Harry} up to the main
content of this rant \textemdash{}

Welcome one and all to \emph{Picocon 36 Intrigue}! I was asked to
share a bit about the theme, our guests, and to add to the comedic
tradition of what came before, so sorry in advance for failing.

\emph{Picocon Intrigue} is so named because I was told I couldn’t
organise \emph{Picocon On Fire}. This is a tragic loss to us all, for
which I am sorry. \emph{Intrigue} was my second idea for a theme for
many reasons: the most important of which was a dice roll, and
second-most important was the way in which it can mean so many
different things. Is this Picocon spy themed? Lovecraft themed?
Lovecraftian Espionage Erotica themed? Even I cannot truly give you an
answer.

If you’re tired of my terrible humour, may I interest you in some
words on our Guests of Honour before you run away screaming? This year
we are bringing you five GoHs to give intriguing talks, and to justify
the entrance costs, so a warm thanks to Andrew Bannister, Lottie
Bevan, Alexis Kennedy, Simon Morden, and Gavin Smith for all being
more entertaining than I am, and for coming to speak here.

We’ll also have many of our wacky and crazy traditions as ever! We
most definitely will not be engaging in a fight with fish, and I most
definitely didn’t delegate the not-purchasing of these due to hating
the smell of fish. One thing we \emph{will} be doing is to smash some
strange merchandise for charity, with the help of a hefty hammer and a
vat of liquid Nitrogen.

So come and enjoy the madness (I promise it’s not infectious,) and
most importantly \textemdash{} have fun!
